Update examples.md (#94)
typelevel/toolkit: docs/examples.md

```
@:@

## Writing data to a CSV file

If you want to save a list of a case class into a CSV file this utility may aid you:

```scala
// Define your case class and derive an encoder for it
case class YourCaseClass(n: String, i: Int)
given CsvRowEncoder[YourCaseClass, String] = deriveCsvRowEncoder

// Writes a case class as a csv given a path.
def writeCaseClassToCsv[A](
    path: Path
)(using CsvRowEncoder[A, String]): Pipe[IO, A, Nothing] =
  _.through(encodeUsingFirstHeaders(fullRows = true))
    .through(fs2.text.utf8.encode)
    .through(Files[IO].writeAll(path))

> ```

Reviewer: That's scala 3 only, can you add the scala 2 tab too?

```
@:@

## Writing data to a CSV file

If you want to save a list of a case class into a CSV file this helper method may aid you:

@:select(scala-version)

@:choice(scala-3)
```scala mdoc:reset:silent
//> using lib "org.typelevel::toolkit::@VERSION@"

import fs2.data.csv.*
import fs2.data.csv.generic.semiauto.*
import fs2.io.file.{Files, Path}
import cats.effect.{IO, IOApp}
import fs2.{Pipe, Stream}

/** Define your case class and derive an encoder for it */
case class YourCaseClass(n: String, i: Int)

> given CsvRowEncoder[YourCaseClass, String] = deriveCsvRowEncoder

Reviewer: This case class and encoder definition are not used in the script below, what's the point of defining them?

Reviewer 2: Just for clarification how somebody could replace it with their own class! :P

Reviewer: I understand, but it's still redundant. If we want to keep it, we might add it in a separate box over the script with a couple of lines explaining that this approach is used in the book example below. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: I think a separate box above the script is a great solution to this!

/** This is our helper function that writes a case class as a csv given a path. */
def writeCaseClassToCsv[A](
    path: Path
)(using CsvRowEncoder[A, String]): Pipe[IO, A, Nothing] =
  _.through(encodeUsingFirstHeaders(fullRows = true))
    .through(fs2.text.utf8.encode)
    .through(Files[IO].writeAll(path))

>     .drain

Reviewer: `.drain` here is redundant. `Files[IO].writeAll(path)` already return a `Stream[IO, Nothing]`

/** Let's imagine we have a `Book` case class we would like to write to
  * a .csv file.
  */
object WriteBooksToCsv extends IOApp.Simple:
  case class Book(id: Long, name: String, isbn: String)
  given CsvRowEncoder[Book, String] = deriveCsvRowEncoder

  val input = Seq(
    Book(1, "Programming in Scala", "9780997148008"),
    Book(2, "Hands-on Scala Programming", "9798387677205"),
    Book(3, "Functional Programming in Scala", "9781617299582")
  )

  def run: IO[Unit] =
    Stream
      .emits(input)
      .through(writeCaseClassToCsv(Path("books.csv")))
      .compile
      .drain *> IO.println("Finished writing books to books.csv.")
```

@:choice(scala-2)

```scala mdoc:reset:silent
//> using lib "org.typelevel::toolkit::@VERSION@"

import fs2.data.csv._
import fs2.data.csv.generic.semiauto._
import fs2.io.file.{Files, Path}
import cats.effect.{IO, IOApp}
import fs2.{Pipe, Stream}

/** Define your case class and derive an encoder for it */
case class YourCaseClass(n: String, i: Int)
object YourCaseClass {
  implicit val csvRowEncoder: CsvRowEncoder[YourCaseClass, String] =
    deriveCsvRowEncoder

> }

Reviewer: ditto

object Helpers {

  /** This is our helper function that writes a case class as a csv given a
    * path.
    */
  def writeCaseClassToCsv[A](
      path: Path
  )(implicit encoder: CsvRowEncoder[A, String]): Pipe[IO, A, Nothing] =
    _.through(encodeUsingFirstHeaders(fullRows = true))
      .through(fs2.text.utf8.encode)
      .through(Files[IO].writeAll(path))

>       .drain

Reviewer: ditto

```
@:@

## A helper utility to write out an `Seq[CaseClass]` to CSV

In the presence of a CsvRowEncoder

> ```

Reviewer 3: So that the code gets compiled in CI. Also see the snippets above, which have versions for Scala 2 and Scala 3.

```suggestion
```mdoc:reset:silent
```

import fs2.*
import fs2.data.csv.*
import fs2.io.file.Path

> given val pEncoder: CsvRowEncoder[CaseClass, String] = deriveCsvRowEncoder

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
given CsvRowEncoder[CaseClass, String] = deriveCsvRowEncoder
```

> def writeCaseClassIterableToFile[A](data: Seq[A], file : Path)(using CsvRowEncoder[A, String]) =
>     fs2.Stream.emits[IO, A](data)
>       .through(encodeUsingFirstHeaders(fullRows = true))
>       .through(text.utf8Encode)
>       .through( Files[IO].writeAll(file) )
>       .compile
>       .drain      

Reviewer 3: I wonder if this would be more idiomatic as a pipe? Then it doesn't force you to have all your data in-memory, instead you can stream it.

```suggestion
def writeCaseClassToCsv[A](path: Path)(using CsvRowEncoder[A, String]): Pipe[IO, A, Nothing] =
    _.through(encodeUsingFirstHeaders(fullRows = true))
      .through(text.utf8Encode)
      .through(Files[IO].writeAll(path))
      .drain      
```

```
@:@

## Writing data to a CSV file

If you want to save a list of a case class into a CSV file this helper method may aid you:

@:select(scala-version)

@:choice(scala-3)
```scala mdoc:reset:silent

> import fs2.io.file.Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//> using lib "org.typelevel::toolkit::@VERSION@"

import fs2.io.file.Files
```

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be `latest` instead of `@version@`?

import fs2.data.csv.*
import fs2.data.csv.generic.semiauto.*
import fs2.io.file.Path
import cats.effect.IO
import fs2.Pipe

case class YourCaseClass(n: String, i: Int)

given CsvRowEncoder[YourCaseClass, String] = deriveCsvRowEncoder

def writeCaseClassToCsv[A](path: Path)(using CsvRowEncoder[A, String]): Pipe[IO, A, Nothing] =
    _.through(encodeUsingFirstHeaders(fullRows = true))
      .through(fs2.text.utf8.encode)
      .through(Files[IO].writeAll(path))
      .drain

// Usage
fs2.Stream.emits(Seq(YourCaseClass("s", 1))).through(writeCaseClassToCsv(Path("temp.csv")))

```

@:choice(scala-2)

```scala mdoc:reset:silent
import fs2.io.file.Files
import fs2.data.csv._
import fs2.data.csv.generic.semiauto._
import fs2.io.file.Path
import cats.effect.IO
import fs2.Pipe

case class YourCaseClass(n: String, i: Int)

implicit val csvRowEncoder: CsvRowEncoder[YourCaseClass, String] = deriveCsvRowEncoder

def writeCaseClassToCsv[A](path: Path)(using CsvRowEncoder[A, String]): Pipe[IO, A, Nothing] =
    _.through(encodeUsingFirstHeaders(fullRows = true))
      .through(fs2.text.utf8.encode)
      .through(Files[IO].writeAll(path))
      .drain

// Usage

> fs2.Stream.emits(Seq(YourCaseClass("s", 1))).through(writeCaseClassToCsv(Path("temp.csv")))

Reviewer: I might be asking a silly question, but where is the evaluation happening in these scripts?
They appear to be more similar to code examples than auto-runnable scripts, no?
Or are they meant to be used as scala worksheets (and in that case, where's the Stream evaluation)?
I would add, like in other examples the usual IOApp.Simple and .compile.drain, or briefly explain how to use them as worksheets.

```
@:@

## Writing data to a CSV file

> If you want to save a list of a case class into a CSV file the below helper method may aid you:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to save a list of a case class into a CSV file this helper method may aid you:
```

Reviewer 2: @Quafadas this one didn't get commited in?

@:select(scala-version)

@:choice(scala-3)
```scala mdoc:reset:silent
import fs2.io.file.Files
import fs2.data.csv.*
import fs2.data.csv.generic.semiauto.*
import fs2.io.file.Path
import cats.effect.IO
import fs2.Pipe

case class YourCaseClass(n: String, i: Int)

given CsvRowEncoder[YourCaseClass, String] = deriveCsvRowEncoder

> def writeCaseClassToCsv[A]
>   (path: Path)
>   (using CsvRowEncoder[A, String]): Pipe[IO, A, Nothing] =

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
def writeCaseClassToCsv[A](path: Path)(using CsvRowEncoder[A, String]): Pipe[IO, A, Nothing] =
```

    _.through(encodeUsingFirstHeaders(fullRows = true))
      .through(fs2.text.utf8.encode)
      .through(Files[IO].writeAll(path))
      .drain

> // Useage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Usage
```

fs2.Stream.emits(Seq(YourCaseClass("s", 1))).through(writeCaseClassToCsv(Path("temp.csv")))

```

@:choice(scala-2)

```scala mdoc:reset:silent
import fs2.io.file.Files
import fs2.data.csv._
import fs2.data.csv.generic.semiauto._
import fs2.io.file.Path
import cats.effect.IO
import fs2.Pipe

case class YourCaseClass(n: String, i: Int)

implicit val csvRowEncoder: CsvRowEncoder[YourCaseClass, String] = deriveCsvRowEncoder

def writeCaseClassToCsv[A](path: Path)(using CsvRowEncoder[A, String]): Pipe[IO, A, Nothing] =
    _.through(encodeUsingFirstHeaders(fullRows = true))
      .through(fs2.text.utf8.encode)
      .through(Files[IO].writeAll(path))
      .drain

> // Useage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Usage
```

Reviewer 2: And this one didn't get in as well :P.
